Start date and time - 2021-07-30 20:49

Using flask as the framework with psycopg2 for db queries. Will end up using os.environ for db password and IP.
I'm going to host both the db and api in docker containers. I will need to make a docker-compose file but for now I will focus on the api.

I need to sanitise the parameters that are passed, basic regex should do the trick based on the data that I've seen.
Regex pattern: "[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+" alphanumeric with underscores and dashes. This allows for date, code, and slug.

Before regex I should filter the parameters so we only use the ones that are specified in the task.
I think dictionary comprehension is the best option here.

Since the data will end up in JSON format I can use postgres to present me the data in JSON which will cut processing time and will only return 1 row of data
if I set up the query in a smart way.

If I search with ports.code, ports.parent_slug, and regions.parent_slug I don't have to check what kind of format the location given is in.


I will update the README at the end as there is a good amount to change there.


If a location doesn't exist I should return a 400 error with a message saying the location doesn't exist.
But if there is no data for an existing location I should just return an empty array. (Getting ahead of myself slightly, but it's noted for later)

I think there might be a cleaner way to implement the location code check, I will think about it later.

Just checked GitHub, turns out I accidentally used my alt account for the first commit :facepalm:

Time update - It's 22:03. I'm going to bed in about an hour, I think I can get most of it done by then. Might have to finish up some small stuff in the morning.

Added the average_price function, using some postgres "magic" the database handles averaging and stuff. This is faster than if I was to handle all of that in the API itself.
Added a check to see if there is data returned from said function, if there isn't it returns an empty array.

Current time - 22:22

I'm going to play around with the docker-compose file, I think I can sort that in around 30 minutes. Then I'm going to bed.

I will write tests tomorrow and make alterations to the API if it fails the tests.

Time for sleep. Stop time - 22:50

Current date and time - 2021-08-03 05:47

Woke up early, sadly I didn't have time to work on this during the weekend.

Time to write some tests.

I shall start with errors and error codes.

Need to activate hypervisor again and restart PC.

Seems we're not checking to see if we have the required params properly, time to implement a check.

Added a test for missing parameter data.

Time to go though, I will write some more tests later and let Xeneta know I'm done.

Current time - 07:12